Skip to content
The Prime Scalar Field
Primes: A Multi-dimensional Information Field

A Scalar Field
From the Author
Paper + Python Scripts
Here are the python scripts anyone can use to recreate the plots used throughout. Formal paper with math at bottom.

These scripts have variables for different aspects. Gap size, number of prime waves, selections of primes, skipping set amounts, opacity; are all important depending on the size and selection of primes you choose. I recommend starting with the code pasted here and tweak the variables from there. Make sure you have the libraries installed at the top of the script or they won’t work.

Below is the main 2d wave field I have showed, primes as frequencies, self bound as loops. These 4 scripts are the main plots used, so I gave 4 examples, same scripts, but with different variable settings to give you starting points. As discussed, you must change gaps, opacity, amount of prime waves used, amplitudes, line width, skips, etc… to get to different layers of patterns. If you don’t see much, try zooming in.

Click on the box to expand for the code.

2D circular wave field v1 – large waves
Copy code
2D wave field v2 – nodes
Copy code
2D wave field – v3
Copy code

v1

v2

v3
These next python script shows the interference density as amplitudes, displaying true 3d patterns. View angle displays dynamic patterns. These can be tricky; play with ALPHA and z_scale variables.

3D wave field – density as amplitudes
Copy code
3D density amplitude v2
Copy code

3D wave field – interference density as amplitudes

3D wave field -script 2 amplitude adjustments

2d field – interference from linear boundaries
Shown above on the right, this next python script shows the prime waves stacked in a linear boundary.

2D wave field – linear boundaries
Copy code
Below, this python script shows the the standing wave propagations with selected prime waves and gives a phase-coincidence density heatmap. It creates the multi-mode standing field, then separately measures where many modes align in phase (a “coincidence density”).

3D wave field – standing waves
Copy code

3D wave field – phase density heatmap

3D wave field – standing wave ampltides
Here is the formal published paper below. Or it can be seen at https://zenodo.org/records/17269878

The Prime Scalar Field- 3D informationDownload
解释
